Automate template setup process via CI for GitHub users (#143)
openfisca/country-template: README.md

# OpenFisca Country-Template

This repository helps you quickly set up and use your own OpenFisca country package.

**You should NOT fork it** but follow the set up instructions below.

> Otherwise, you will have to clean up all tags when you deploy your own country package.

## Setting up your Country Package

This set of instructions **only needs to be followed once** and will create your own copy of this boilerplate directory, customising it to the country you want to work on. You will need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) installed.

### Using GitHub (recommended for GitHub users)

1. Click on the [“Use this template” dropdown and select “Create a new repository”](https://github.com/new?template_name=country-template&template_owner=openfisca).

> 2. Set the repository name to `openfisca-<your_country_name>`; use underscore `_` or dash `-` as separators. For example, `openfisca-new_zealand`, `openfisca-new-zealand` or `openfisca-france`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the repository name to `openfisca-<your_country_name>`; use underscore `_` as separator if there are spaces in the country name. For example, `openfisca-new_zealand` or `openfisca-france`.
```

> 3. After being redirected to your newly created repository, please allow a short period for the automatic setup to be executed. Once done, the title of the readme should be updated to `OpenFisca <your_country_name>`. 

Reviewer: > Can we suggest looking in the “Actions” tab to track progress?
```suggestion
3. After being redirected to your newly created repository, please allow a few minutes for the automatic setup to be executed. Once done, the title of the readme should be updated to `OpenFisca <your_country_name>`. 
```

> 3. After being redirected to your newly created repository, please allow a few minutes for the automatic setup to be executed. Once done, the title of the readme should be updated to `OpenFisca <your_country_name>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After being redirected to your newly created repository, please allow a few minutes for the automatic setup to be executed. Once done, the title of the README file should be updated to `OpenFisca <your_country_name>`. 
```
